my name is a hamster billion euro i am and 44 years old
and there are things and last one of my passions the original b and w and five
35i
it is an avalanche that was born in the 85th which is a passion for me
because the car is so very nice you can run with it Kroese
but I also book it terribly hard and book a drummer
we have 218 horsepower on the rear wheels without traction control me
I have already made a beautiful animal road as the first team and from 0 to 100
that's 7 come in two seconds, so many modern 5-series Reiki have been completely lost
the first half of this year
we do not drop out at the first and follow the bend
These are cars that we made in Germany work initially
for those who like
that on which business men the German autobahn
axles where the weather is good, you can pick it up yourself at 12 45 kilometers per hour
it is a six-cylinder three before that time will be the aft deck year
five-bin is in it
0 100 in seven could have two seconds, but you can also have twenty seconds again
about to do depending on your needs
it is a car that also offers the four-day concept a lot of comfort
it is under a sports suspension and partly its guests and press
but what a sedan is and the car
it is also made for dust tapping long-distance transportation I expect
actually at the
all times in this car and I have such a sport steering wheel for me and I see you the
odometer running up to 60 kilometers per hour
the tachometer consumption meter I see the air conditioning I know it is dust again
after that the king became too rich I think it is so much fun to be in one
to drive around
not drafting
the top layer belonged to a car from the eighties that has so many years
experienced in his life
that has built up the power but the pleasure that an outdoor an 28 I can
offer
that always nothing to give when enjoying a new 5 series
for example, the sound of the car makes whispering good
almost six thousand do but now more than sixty no static 5
and 35 percent of the time I am the women's tour through a landscape again
the better enjoy the car
the result of the subdued power when that car in front looks at me and me
see all those lamps there you stand then foundation where he participates in a
do not extend the upward line
and I think that is wonderful about a model that can accommodate PKC
use biovak I do not use I have quite to for repairs
to do
there were two Christian Union were engaged they had to
be re-inserted
we were seated as they were only six parking resta
it had to be there himself and hang up moortele importers in the steering wheel
and that means that there is also the old or worn out
all in all I had to spend a few thousand euros for the
In these states, payments get twenty years with it, the only thing you get in one
poster on which can have what you want to put 6000 kilometers
is a revision of the engine on the other hand is the most expensive achieved then
they are also fi under 1000 kilometers to be able to ride it is now alone
also use it as a fresh looking agent
to bring attention to it in a very sporty way under the Bible
so enthusiasts and what I do not see the clubs in the Dutch rally
it is an alto that is sponsored by Christian organizations
Heiloo good if they have a sponsor for example and if we do it very well
do come naturally to the press